Revise Goodnews Sandy's profile details (#4536)
the-turing-way/the-turing-way: book/website/afterword/contributors/profiles.md

:::{profile} Goodnews Sandy
---
roles: |
    The Turning Way Translation team;
    Book Dash participant (2023-2024);
    Book Dash Planning Committee (Nov 2024)
github: sandygudie
orcid: 0009-0002-3435-837X
bio: |
    I am a software developer and i enjoy contributing to open source projects for skill development and creating impact. I am currently working with the African Union Commission, Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, were i support digtial transformation implementation project nd data policy framework particularly in monitoring, evaluation and learning activities.

>     I join the TTW to contribute to localization of the Handbook and participate in the bookdash. I also present at conferences to advocate for documentation and multilingualism in open science. My presentations highlight the importance of accessible knowledge across diverse linguistic communities. The conference presentations are available on Zenodo: [https://zenodo.org/records/7844839](https://zenodo.org/records/7844839) and [https://zenodo.org/records/15004528](https://zenodo.org/records/15004528).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    I joined _The Turing Way_ to contribute to localization and participate in the Bookdash.
    I also present at conferences to advocate for documentation and multilingualism in open science.
    My presentations highlight the importance of accessible knowledge across diverse linguistic communities.
    The conference presentations are available on Zenodo: [](doi:10.5281/zenodo.7844839) and [](doi:10.5281/zenodo.15004528).

```

We can link to DOIs like this

    I also contribute to related community, the Open Science Community Saudi Arabia to develop a bilingual [Open Innovation](https://moocs-client.netlify.app/) project that earned a grant from the Open Infrastructure Fund. 
highlights: |
    2023: This is my first Bookdash event and I am excited for the contribution I made during this period. I collaborated with \@SaranjeetKaur to add content to the [hybrid collaboration](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way/pull/2808) chapter.
    
     2023: The event was enlightening, I learned a lot about The Turing Way community.
     
     2024: Thanks to the bookdash, I was able to make contributions to the localisation of the TTW Handbook. I got to learn about the challenges and the effort to improve the translation process. I contribute to writing documentation on the history of localization activities in the TTW. I wrote on the approaches, achievements and challenges.
     
     2024: So excited for the lessons and connections, I met a new friend Abasi-amefon Affia.
     

>      Nov 2024: I joined the planning committee to co-organise the November 2024 Book Dash. It was a great experience being part of the careful planning, clear communication, and shared responsibility that made the event successful. I especially appreciated the strong sense of shared ownership in our meetings including working together on timelines, roles, and deliverables in a way that reflected trust and collaboration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
highlights: |
    2023: This is my first Bookdash event and I am excited for the contribution I made during this period.
    I collaborated with [Saranjeet Kaur Bhogal](#profile-saranjeet-kaur-bhogal) to add content to the [hybrid collaboration](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way/pull/2808) chapter.
    
    2023: The event was enlightening, I learned a lot about The Turing Way community.
     
    2024: Thanks to the Bookdash, I was able to make contributions to the localisation of the _The Turing Way_.
    I got to learn about the challenges and the effort to improve the translation process.
    I contributed to writing documentation on the history of localization activities in the _The Turing Way_.
    I wrote on the approaches, achievements and challenges.
     
    2024: So excited for the lessons and connections, I met a new friend Abasi-amefon Affia.
     
    Nov 2024: I joined the planning committee to co-organise the November 2024 Book Dash.
    It was a great experience being part of the careful planning, clear communication, and shared responsibility that made the event successful.
    I especially appreciated the strong sense of shared ownership in our meetings including working together on timelines, roles, and deliverables in a way that reflected trust and collaboration.
```

Some typos and indentation adjustment. We can also use cross references to link to profiles, like with Saranjeet here.
